[Elixir] New concept exercise: `streams` (#1718)
exercism/v3: languages/elixir/exercises/concept/streams/.docs/instructions.md

> As a child, you loved playing Monopoly. While as an adult you might prefer board games with more strategy and less luck involved, you decided to dust off the rulebook and have fun implementing the game in Elixir. You start with the dice rolls.

Author: Is this maybe too pretentious? As a fan of heavy strategic board games, I find Monopoly to be one of the worst board games even invented, and I find it hard to write anything nice about it... like implying the student might be a fan of Monopoly right now 😁.

Reviewer: I feel similarly about Monopoly (because it is a game that is designed to infuriate its players), but I think the story could focus more on rolling the dice.

```suggestion
While planning a games night with friends, the group decides they will revisit their childhood favorite board game: Monopoly.  While not your favorite, you decide to improve the experience by implementing the game in Elixir.  You decide that the first task to implement a robust dice rolling function.
```

While planning a games night with friends, the group decides they will revisit their childhood favorites. Your German friend proposes _Mensch ärgere Dich nicht_ (_Man, Don't Get Angry_), a classic in many European countries (similar to the English _Ludo_ or the North American _Parcheesi_).

To prepare for the game, you decide to implement the dice rolling function in Elixir.

In _Mensch ärgere Dich nicht_, players roll one 6-sided die to determine their next move. If they are lucky and roll 6, they can roll and move again.

## 1. Do one 6-sided die roll

Implement the `d6/0` function that will randomly choose one integer between 1 and 6 on each call.

```elixir
MenschAergereDichNicht.d6()
# => 1
MenschAergereDichNicht.d6()
# => 5
```

## 2. Keep rolling as long as you roll sixes

Implement the `roll/0` function. It should return a stream of dice rolls. The dice rolls should follow the rules of the game. If I roll a six, I can roll again. Otherwise, stop rolling. Use the `d6/0` function defined in the previous step.

```elixir
MenschAergereDichNicht.roll() |> Enum.to_list()
# => [5]
MenschAergereDichNicht.roll() |> Enum.to_list()
# => [6, 3]
```

> ## 3. Allow using a rigged die

Author: This step feels a bit wrong because it has nothing to do with the concepts being taught (capturing functions and default arguments were already taught in previous exercises), but it is necessary, like Tim pointed out, to have a sane test suite.

Reviewer: Agree and sympathize with your points.  Maybe a point could be made here about dependency injection patterns to make it less 'forced'?

Reviewer: "You plan on expanding the game to use a 20-sided die, and decide to generalize the function"?

Reviewer 2: As I mentioned in another comment, D&D makes heavy use of various sorts of dice: 6, 12, 20 amongst others.

Author: In the context of the story, swapping the die for a die with more sides doesn't make any sense :(. I was thinking maybe something "to play a joke on your friends...", but that sounds mean.

Unfortunately I have zero idea about D&D, otherwise I might have tried to some up with a D&D dice rolling story instead.

I'll keep it as it is for now.

> While planning a games night with friends, the group decides they will revisit their childhood favorites. Your German friend proposes _Mensch ärgere Dich nicht_ (_Man, Don't Get Angry_), a classic in many European countries (similar to the English _Ludo_ or the North American _Parcheesi_).

Reviewer: :clap: :+1:
